---
layout: layouts/base.html
---
donate Archives - FFPF  https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship-tag/donate/  Freedom
from poverty foundation  Fri, 18 Oct 2019 00:04:15 +0000  en-CA  hourly  1
https://wordpress.org/?v=6.4.3  https://www.ffpf.org/wp-
content/uploads/2018/10/cropped-logo-ffpf-icon-32x32.png  donate Archives -
FFPF  https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship-tag/donate/  32  32  Sangita
https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/sangita/  Thu, 17 Oct 2019 23:41:22 +0000
https://www.ffpf.org/?post_type=product&p=1026  Sangita is a 60-year old
woman. She has a cyst on her left hand, which continues to increase in size.
Surgery will help reduce her discomfort and pain in her hand so she may
continue her daily tasks in supporting and caring for her family.

The post [Sangita](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/sangita/) appeared first
on [FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Sangita is a 60-year old woman. She has a cyst on her left hand, which
continues to increase in size. Surgery will help reduce her discomfort and
pain in her hand so she may continue her daily tasks in supporting and caring
for her family.

Sangita est une femme de 60 ans. Elle a un kyste à la main gauche qui ne cesse
de prendre du volume. Une chirurgie réduira son inconfort, diminuera ses
douleurs et lui permettra d’effectuer ses tâches quotidiennes.

The post [Sangita](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/sangita/) appeared first
on [FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Monu  https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/sraddha/  Thu, 17 Oct 2019 23:36:50
+0000  https://www.ffpf.org/?post_type=product&p=1022  Monu is a 13-year-old
boy who suffered burns on his right hand when he was 7 months old. He has had
surgery completed twice on his hand, but he continues to have worsening burn
contractures. Surgery will help him open his hand fully and regain more
function in his dominant hand so he can write and perform daily task more
easily.

The post [Monu](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/sraddha/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Monu is a 13-year-old boy who suffered burns on his right hand when he was
7 months old. He has had surgery completed twice on his hand, but he continues
to have worsening burn contractures. Surgery will help him open his hand fully
and regain more function in his dominant hand so he can write and perform
daily task more easily.

Monu est un garçon de 13 ans qui a été brûlé à la main droite lorsqu’il était
bébé. Il a été opéré à deux reprises, mais ses contractures de brûlures
s’aggravent de plus en plus. La chirurgie lui permettra d’ouvrir pleinement sa
main, de pouvoir écrire et d’accomplir des tâches quotidiennes beaucoup plus
facilement.

The post [Monu](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/sraddha/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Vikas  https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/vikas/  Thu, 17 Oct 2019 23:23:16
+0000  https://www.ffpf.org/?post_type=product&p=1016  16-year-old Vikas had
an accident resulting in burns to his right hand when he was only 1-year old.
He now continues to have burn contractures which further limit the movement of
the fingers on his right hand. Surgery will help him regain better mobility in
his hand so he can be independent as he builds his life.

The post [Vikas](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/vikas/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> 16-year-old Vikas had an accident resulting in burns to his right hand
when he was only 1-year old. He now continues to have burn contractures which
further limit the movement of the fingers on his right hand. Surgery will help
him regain better mobility in his hand so he can be independent as he builds
his life.

Vikas, 16 ans, a eu un accident qui lui a causé des brûlures à la main alors
qu’il n’avait qu’un an. Il continue d’avoir des contractures qui limitent le
mouvement des doigts de sa main droite. La chirurgie l’aidera à retrouver une
meilleure mobilité qui lui permettra d’être indépendant tout au long de sa
vie.

The post [Vikas](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/vikas/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Parvez  https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/parvez/  Thu, 17 Oct 2019
23:21:00 +0000  https://www.ffpf.org/?post_type=product&p=1014  Parvez
suffered from burns when he was 1 years old. This led to a deformity of his
fingers. A surgery would help him get the use of all his fingers back.

The post [Parvez](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/parvez/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Parvez suffered from burns when he was 1 years old. This led to a
deformity of his fingers. A surgery would help him get the use of all his
fingers back.

À un an, de graves brûlures ont déformé les doigts de Parvez. En lui offrant
opération chirurgicale, vous lui donnerez deux mains qui sauront écrire,
jouer, taper au clavier de l’ordinateur, travailler et vivre normalement.

The post [Parvez](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/parvez/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Tohid  https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/tohid/  Thu, 17 Oct 2019 23:03:33
+0000  https://www.ffpf.org/?post_type=product&p=1010  Tohid is a 13 year old
boy who endured burns on his right arm, hand, and a portion of his torso when
he was 4 years old. He has had three separate surgeries on his right hand. He
needs further surgery for the burn contractures on his right hand that connect
part of his hand to his arm, further limiting his arm movement.

The post [Tohid](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/tohid/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]> Tohid is a 13 year old boy who endured burns on his right arm, hand, and a
portion of his torso when he was 4 years old. He has had three separate
surgeries on his right hand. He needs further surgery for the burn
contractures on his right hand that connect part of his hand to his arm,
further limiting his arm movement.

Tohid a été très sévèrement brûlé à l’âge de 4 ans. Depuis ce grave accident,
il a reçu trois interventions chirurgicales à la main droite. Cependant, ce
garçon de 13 ans a vraiment besoin d’une autre opération. Comme on peut le
voir sur la photo, les brûlures reçues relient toujours une partie de sa main
à son bras limitant considérablement ses mouvements. Cette chirurgie permettra
enfin à Tohid de profiter davantage de la vie et de son avenir.

The post [Tohid](https://www.ffpf.org/sponsorship/tohid/) appeared first on
[FFPF](https://www.ffpf.org).

]]>

